autodoc: add :novalue: option (#8222)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: doc/usage/extensions/autodoc.rst

   By default, without ``annotation`` option, Sphinx tries to obtain the value of
   the variable and print it after the name.
   

>    The ``novalue`` option can be used instead of a blank ``annotation`` to show the

Reviewer: I guess ``:novalue:`` should be mentioned in a ``.. versionchanged::`` at the end of this section.

   By default, without ``annotation`` option, Sphinx tries to obtain the value of
   the variable and print it after the name.

>    The ``novalue`` option can be used instead of a blank ``annotation`` to show the

Reviewer 2: In autodoc, we usually use `no-` prefix to disable some feature (ex. `no-members`). So it is better to rename this to `no-value` (if we adopted this proposal)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The ``no-value`` option can be used instead of a blank ``annotation`` to show the
```

Reviewer 3: Would that imply this PR would require implementing the non-negated version of `:value:` as well?

Reviewer 2: If somebody requests it. But there are no such requests now, AFAIK.

   type hint but not the value::

      .. autodata:: CD_DRIVE

>          :novalue:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
         :no-value:
```

>    If both the ``annotation`` and ``novalue`` options are used, ``novalue`` has no

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   If both the ``annotation`` and ``no-value`` options are used, ``no-value`` has no
```

      option.
   .. versionchanged:: 2.0
      :rst:dir:`autodecorator` added.

>    .. versionchanged:: 3.3

Reviewer 2: I determined to merge this into 3.4. Please update this.

>       :rst:dir:`autodata` and :rst:dir:`autoattribute` now have a ``novalue``

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      :rst:dir:`autodata` and :rst:dir:`autoattribute` now have a ``no-value``
```
